hello guys so today I want to do a video
about teeth whitening and is how my
teeth look I feel like they're pretty
white I do get compliments on my teeth
and sometimes people do ask me in person
what I use for my teeth if I get my
teeth professionally whitened or not and
I don't I use very affordable products
and I'm gonna tell you guys what i use
and this is not a sponsored video I know
there are so many videos out on YouTube
where people are showing you items like
teeth whitening kits that have been
given to them for free or their pay to
talk about the product but none of these
items haven't given to me I'm not being
paid to talk about anything things that
I actually use every day so I'm going to
start off with the basics toothpaste
this is the advanced white toothpaste I
always make sure that I get a whitening
toothpaste and you don't always have to
get the like expensive crest strips
toothpaste whitening stuff like you
don't always have to get that if you
want some that's more affordable all you
have to look for is a toothpaste that
says baking soda and peroxide has baking
soda and peroxide will make your teeth
whiter you could take a regular tooth um
toothpaste and sprinkle some baking soda
or dip your toothbrush in baking soda
and brush your teeth that way and then
swish some peroxide around in your mouth
you could do that but I cannot stand the
taste of baking soda if it's already
mixed into the toothpaste I can deal
with it but I don't like to dip my
toothbrush in baking so so that's why I
like to get the tooth paste with the
baking soda already mixed in it and I
think this makes a huge huge difference
the other thing that I use is mouthwash
I go for the whitening threats and this
here is a really cheap one this is the
kroger brand but it is a why
nning mouth rinse or mouthwash and I
think that it works very well with the
tooth whitening toothpastes and this
says compared to the ingredients of
crest 3d white multi care whitening
rinse so that kind of shows you that you
do have like the expense of whitening
products but you can always find cheaper
versions with pretty much the same
ingredients so get a whitening tooth for
a tooth paste in a whitening mouthwash
now to take it a step further I'd like
to use actual whitening products that
are meant to only whiten your teeth so
this is something that I actually found
at the dollar store and this is called
the dazzling white professional strength
whitening pen as a whitening pen I found
out the dollar store it was only a
dollar and I was very very shocked to
find out that this actually works it
doesn't give you I will admit it doesn't
give you very fast results it does take
a long time of using this to see the
results it is very gradual but it does
work and when you use this with all the
other whitening products that you're
using it's definitely going to help so
like I said this is only a dollar and it
is a whitening pen so it's a brush and
there's this little thing right here you
twist it and the product kind of comes
up into the brush and you just brush it
on your teeth and you wait for 20
minutes and you spit it out and that's
that the other and teeth whitening
product that I like to use I can't
really tell you the brand name of it
because that this from wish calm and
there are kind of some mixed reviews
about which calm I've heard some people
say that they love the website I've
heard some people said that they don't
like the website and that they don't
ever receive the products that they pay
for I've never had an issue with wish
calm just went into the search bar and i
typed in teeth whitening kit and this is
what i came up with so it comes in a
package
like this and inside you get your
instructions you get to UM plastic teeth
molds you get a light and you get
syringes and then you also get these I
don't really know what they're called we
try to take this one out but it's
basically just a little thing like a
stopper I guess or a cap for your
syringe I hate calling it a syringe
because it makes me feel like I'm
holding a giant needle but I'm not but
it just makes it so that if something
happens all that gel won't spill out
like if you drop it or something all the
gel won't come out and make a mess so it
also comes with that so with these what
you have to do it it's like a really
soft um I guess plastic or some kind of
material and some kind of gel material
or something and you put it you boil it
so that it gets really hot and it gets
kind of sticky and really soft and then
you put it on your teeth and let it take
the shape of your teeth and then you put
it in really cold water so that it
hardens and then you have these molds
that are shaped to your teeth and then
you have these syringes and you just
squirt the product out into the mold
here and you just stick it in your mouth
and you just let it sit there anywhere
from 20 minutes to I believe 45 minutes
if I'm remembering that correctly um 20
to 45 minutes total and if you want you
can use your UV light is this a UV light
LED light not a UV light I'm sorry you
guys LED light you can use your LED
light to get better result
um so it's exactly like those teeth
whitening kits that you see online that
you see on Instagram and all that stuff
except it's really cheap and it just
works and i love it and i haven't had
any issues so that was my video on a
teeth whitening i hope that it helps you
guys out thank you guys for watching my
videos and subscribing and i will see
you guys next time